#summary Frequently asked questions
#labels Featured,Phase-Support

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

== How to report issue? ==
We receive tens of messages on our dev-groups and private mailboxes every day. Without a commercial license, we only provide a best-effort support on [https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/doubango doubango-discuss]. <br /> *We're happy to help you to fix your issues* but we'll not spend hours on them to understand what's wrong. If you want help, you *must*:
 * Provide clear technical description of the issue.
 * Change you _config.xml_ to use INFO debug level.
 * Attach the logs to the message (*do not cut the logs*).
 * Provide information about the SVN revisions (both Doubango and webrtc2sip).
If the report is about building issues:
 * Attach _config.log_ files for both Doubango and webrtc2sip
you _should_ also:
 * Provide the network (Wireshark) capture at the server-side
 * Provide the browser logs.

==How to create self-signed SSL certificate?==
We'd recommend reading [https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/doubango/asAfP5ZCgdI this thread].

== Address already in use ==
On some Linux distributions, when you try to quickly restart the server then, you can get an error message saying _"the address is already in use"_ even if the process is not active. This happens when the TCP socket enter in *FIN_WAIT* state and pending to be closed by the system. *This is not a bug in webrtc2sip* -we know what _SO_REUSEADDR_ option means ;)-.<br />
To force the system to close the socket immediately instead of waiting for the timeout to raise (few seconds) you can do the following:
{{{
tcpkill -i eth0 port XXXX
# where XXXX is the port to close
# To close port 10060: tcpkill -i eth0 port 10060
# By default webrtc2sip listens on port 10060 and 10062. You should kill both.
}}}

== I see "Remote party requesting DTLS-DTLS (UDP/TLS/RTP/SAVPF) but this option is not enabled". How can I fix this ==
DTLS-SRTP is required by some WebRTC implementations (e.g. Firefox). You <b>MUST</b>:
 # use a new OpenSSL version with support for DTLS-SRTP as explained [Building_Source_v2_0#Building_OpenSSL here]. Linux almost always comes with OpenSSL pre-installed which means building and installing OpenSSL by yourself will most likely duplicate it.
 # make sure you don't have more than one OpenSSL version installed (look for libssl).
 # rebuild webrtc2sip and make sure the "CONGRATULATIONS" message says that you have DTLS-SRTP enabled.
 # make sure you're using SSL certificates in your _config.xml_ (see [http://webrtc2sip.org/technical-guide-1.0.pdf technical documentation] ). DTLS-SRTP requires at least a valid Public Key (could be self signed).

== I see "a=crypto in RTP/AVP, refer to RFC 3711" on my console when calling FreeSWITCH. How can I fix this? ==
~~Edit the config.xml file and change the *srtp-mode* from _optional_ to _mandatory_.~~ <br />
Starting version [http://code.google.com/p/webrtc2sip/wiki/ReleaseNotes#2.1.0 2.1.0], it's no longer required to change config.xml.

== Why do I have delay on H.264 stream from webrtc2sip? ==
~~When the media coder module is enabled we use FFmpeg and libx264 to encode the stream. libx264 uses presets to define some default configuration parameters. Setting these presets from FFmpeg wrapper seems to be useless as the values are never forwarded to libx264. To fix this issue, you need to apply the patch at [http://code.google.com/p/doubango/source/browse/branches/2.0/doubango/thirdparties/patches/ffmpeg_libx264_git.patch]~~<br />
Starting Doubango 873, it's no longer required to patch FFmpeg